What did you have for dinner last night?
If you could choose to have any useless super power, what would you pick?
Are you a giver or taker?
What is the worst job you ever had?
If you won 1 million playing the lottery, what would you do?
What was the last movie you saw?
What was the last thing you bought?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is your favorite hangout spot?
Would you be willing to reduce your life span by 10 years to become rich or famous?
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
If you could go back in time and change one thing, what would that be?
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
Would you rather age from the neck up only or the neck down only?
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
What are three websites that you visit every day?
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
What was the last thing you bought?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
Do you shower in the morning or evening?
What do you do for fun?
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
What countries have traveled to?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.